# Deep-Steganography-using-Autoencoders
n auto encoder-decoder based deep convolutional neural network is proposed to embed the secret image inside the cover image and to extract the file
There are several image encryption methods currently out there, but few require the automation of the secret key generation process utilizing an unsupervised learning mechanism. In this project, we are attempting to develop a novel encryption system for images using deep auto-encoders, where the pixel values of the images are taken as the initial feature vectors. The project is proposed to be implemented in two ways, to work with grayscale values, as well as RGB values using a convolutional neural network (CNN). The auto-encoder generates a latent space based on the initial features, that while having few visual similarity with the same, serves as a low memory encryption system for the images. The secret key here is the model generated by the auto-encoder, which comprises the architecture and weights of the neural network, and will be possessed beforehand by the end users.

## REFERENCES
<ul>
<li>Krizhevsky, A. and Geoffrey E. Hinton. “Using very deep autoencoders for content-based image retrieval.” ESANN (2011). </li>         	
<li>Meidan, Yair, et al. "N-baiot—network-based detection of iot botnet attacks using deep autoencoders." IEEE Pervasive Computing 17.3 (2018).</li>
<li>Muhammad, Khan, et al. "Secure image steganography using cryptography and image transposition." arXiv preprint arXiv:1510.04413 (2015).</li>
<li>Pu, Yunchen, et al. "Variational autoencoder for deep learning of images, labels and captions." arXiv preprint arXiv:1609.08976 (2016).</li>
<li>Kester, Quist-Aphetsi. "Image Encryption based on the RGB PIXEL Transposition and Shuffling." International Journal of Computer Network & Information Security 5.7 (2013).</li>
<li>M. Yousefi-Azar, V. Varadharajan, L. Hamey and U. Tupakula, "Autoencoder-based feature learning for cyber security applications," 2017 International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN), 2017, pp. 3854-3861, doi: 10.1109/IJCNN.2017.7966342.</li>
</ul>
